I gotta shave here with my heels I just
wanted to go over real quick the proper
way to use this stuff BAM
as you know in paragliding most
paraglider pilots will fold up their
gliders in a pretty compact way and with
new technology they've adapted the way
that they do so as we know paramotor
pilots you don't have time for that so
we generally use a stuff bag and stuff
bag is just that you stuff the glider
into it but we also should adapt to the
gear we fly so with a newer glider like
this is the epsilon 7 there's no mylar
in it and it's leading edge is entirely
formed with nylon rod so you wouldn't
want to deform that so we typically do
just an adaptation of the way to
accordion fold a glider set it on the
stuff bag keeping track of where the
center of the glider is all the lines in
the center leave the risers out now
we'll go and actually stack each
individual shell
all laugh almost all the way to the
Horde wingtip so from there you have
your entire leading edge in this contact
packet
fold it into the center of the glider
bringing the rest divider around it to
protect you
and there it doesn't really matter just
get the arrow protected by the rest of
the glass I always tend to store the
risers well away from the rest of the
bunch of blocks during when you tie the
drawstring not to suck the glider in you
can imagine it